Optimize extension auto-reloading (#21111)
directus/directus: .changeset/witty-cobras-add.md

---
'@directus/api': patch
---

> Optimized extension auto-reload behaviour and added auto-reload support for local package extensions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optimized extension auto-reload behaviour and fixed auto-reload for local package extensions
```
